Create azure-local-service as a renamed export of tinylicious (#7504)
microsoft/FluidFramework: server/azure-local-service/README.md

# azure-local-service

> Azure Local service is a minimal, self-contained, test implementation of the Azure Fluid Relay service that can be run locally and used for development/testing Fluid functionality in conjunction with the `TinyliciousClient` and `AzureClient` in local mode.

Reviewer: While this statement is true we should make our messaging strong that `TinyliciousClient -> tinylicious` `AzureClient -> azure-local-service` to avoid confusion.

```suggestion
Azure Local service is a minimal, self-contained, test implementation of the Azure Fluid Relay service that can be run locally and used for development/testing Fluid functionality in conjunction with the `AzureClient` in local mode.
```

# @fluidframework/azure-local-service

> Azure Local service is a minimal, self-contained, test implementation of the Azure Fluid Relay service that can be run locally and used for development/testing Fluid functionality in conjunction with the `AzureClient` in local mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Azure local service is a minimal, self-contained, test implementation of the Azure Fluid Relay service that can be run locally and used for development/testing Fluid functionality in conjunction with the `AzureClient` in local mode.
```

## What is this for?

> Azure Local service includes most of the basic features needed to **test** data stores and containers. While we use the [Webpack Fluid Loader](../../packages/tools/webpack-fluid-loader)'s in browser service for much of our data store and container development, Azure Local service offers some advantages because it's a standalone process. For instance, testing a Fluid Container from 2+ simultaneously connected clients can be easier using Azure Local service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Azure local service includes most of the basic features needed to **test** data stores and containers. While we use the [Webpack Fluid Loader](../../packages/tools/webpack-fluid-loader)'s in browser service for much of our data store and container development, the Azure local service offers some advantages because it's a standalone process. For instance, testing a Fluid container from 2+ simultaneously connected clients is much easier using the Azure local service.
```

## Getting Started
You can install, build, and start this service by running the following

```sh
npm i
npm run build
npm run start
```

## Configuration
### Port

> Azure Local service uses port 7070 by default.  You can change the port number by setting an environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Azure local service uses port 7070 by default.  You can change the port number by setting an environment
```
